[charts-pro] Add pan on `wheel` to zoom (#19998)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/zoom-and-pan/zoom-and-pan.md

**Pan** interactions:

- **`drag`**: Pan the chart by dragging with the mouse or touch (default)
- **`wheel`**: Pan the chart by scrolling the mouse wheel. By default, only pans the horizontal axis. Use `axesFilter` to customize which axes are affected.

> - **`pressAndDrag`**: Pan the chart by pressing a mouse button and then dragging

Reviewer: AFAIK, `pressAndDrag` is for trackpad and not for mouse.

```suggestion
- **`pressAndDrag`**: Pan the chart by long-pressing and dragging on a trackpad or touch device.```
